/*
Title: How to 3D print in two colors
Date: 2015/02/04
*/

Yo! I said split! <a style="color: #167ac6;" href="http://youtu.be/Zi6Rx6esBUE" target="_blank">http://youtu.be/Zi6Rx6esBUE</a>

There really wasn't a better excuse for me to buy another 3D filament color. I've been printing custom designed coasters for 2 weeks straight, and I wanted to print them in two colors! My friend wanted one, too. So I might as well brighten someone's day while I'm at it. She likes green, she says. Tinman always delivers, Tinman says.

<iframe src="//www.youtube.com/embed/Zi6Rx6esBUE?rel=0" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"></iframe>

<!--more-->

The gcode snippet I used in the video worked, but upon resuming the print after the filament change, the printer would extrude a big blob of filament on the print. I suspect this was due to changing the extruder from absolute positioning to relative, and back again.

Although this isn't a perfect fix, you can use the following code to change your filament without a problem, but you're forced to use the "relative e-distances" setting in your slicing software.
<pre>; CUSTOM FILAMENT CHANGE GCODE
; FOR USE WITH RELATIVE E-DISTANCES
; JRS 30/01/2015
G1 E-1.00 F6000 ; retract filament
G1 Y0.00 F9000 ; move print away from the extruder
M84 E ; disengage the extruder stepper motor from 'holding' position
;@pause print
G1 X0.000000 Y0.000000 F7000 ; home X and Y axis in case position was bumped out
G1 E0 F6000 ; engage the extruder stepper motor
</pre>
This was meant to be a copy-paste solution for 3D printer filament change, but you may be able to use this code with absolute e-distances as long as you tweak the values.');

