/*
Title: About
Placing: 6
*/

## About Tinman Electronics

Hey guys. Right now, Tinman Electronics is an electronics engineering
one-man wolf pack. It's a business, but it's not yet profitable. So
it's basically my hobby.

I put in all my spare hours towards engineering and professional
developement. After coming back home from my day job, I go straight to
the computer to work on new ideas and to research new things.

But since I have so much fun doing it, I hate counting it as work...

### Education

After high-school, I joined the Electronics Engineering Technology
program offered at Red River College in Winnipeg MB, Canada.

I learned a lot about electronics in those packed 3 years, and
discovered my true love for engineering. I also got a lot of hands-on
experience with test equipment there, which as I understand, engineers
from universities lack. Well, no matter: I'm comfortable with all that
fun stuff. Scopes, meters, analyzers, submarine-salvaged HP equipment
from the 60's, etc.

I cannot impartially compare university engineering with my college
engineering, but I imagine we learn almost all the same stuff, with
the exception of complex analysis.

I now study electronics on my own time. I can do so, because I know
enough about electronics and engineering to the point where I can
teach myself comfortably. I don't believe in accreditation. Just
because you have a pinky ring or a degree don't make your shit stink
less. We'll both weigh the same options and make considerations the
same. Actually, I'll make better decisions. Yeah. Because I actually
live and breath electronics, while others merely get their degree.

I'm also humble. If you were offended by the previous paragragh, you
may not be receptive to that, but I assure you: I am. I will gladly
accept defeat as a learning experience, and I will gladly listen to
your engineering opinion.

### Services and interests

I'm willing to offer my services anywhere that my interests lie.

I have some cool toys at home that I love using, and with which I
would be willing to help others. I can assist either paid or unpaid,
depending on my level of interest and amount of work required.

I have a 3D printer (Prusa i3), and a CNC machine (X-Carve) at my
disposal. I've always had a fascination with numerical control,
and...well..."eating your own shit". I love making things that improve
my setup, or that help me make other things. I've always wanted to
design my own test equipment or CNC machine. Love it. Love the idea.
